begegnen (du), begegnetest
begegnen (ich), begegnete
bemerken (du), bemerktest
bemerken (er), bemerkte
bemerken (ich), bemerkte
bieten (du), botest
bieten (ich), bot
bieten (ihr), botet
bieten (sie), boten
dürfen (du), durftest
dürfen (er), durfte
dürfen (ich), durfte
dürfen (ihr), durftet
dürfen (sie), durften
dürfen (wir), durften
erzählen (du), erzähltest
erzählen (ich), erzählte
erzählen (ihr), erzähltet
erzählen (sie), erzählten
fallen (du), fielst
fallen (er), fiel
fallen (ich), fiel
fallen (ihr), fielt
fallen (sie), fielen
fallen (wir), fielen
finden (du), fandest
finden (ich), fand
finden (ihr), fand
finden (sie), fanden
gaben (ihr), gabt
gaben (sie), gaben
gaben (wir), gaben
geben (du), gabst
geben (er), gab
geben (ich), gab
gehen (du), gingst
gehen (er), ging
gehen (ich), ging
gehen (ihr), gingt
gehen (sie), gingen
gehen (wir), gingen
haben (du), hattest
haben (er), hatte
haben (ich), hatte
haben (ihr), hattet
haben (sie), hatten
haben (wir), hatten
lassen (du), ließest
lassen (er), ließ
lassen (ich), ließ
lassen (ihr), ließt
lassen (wir), ließen
schenken (du), schenktest
schenken (er), schenkte
schenken (ich), schenkte
schenken (wir), schenkten
sein (du), warst
sein (er), war
sein (ich), war
sein (ihr), wart
sein (sie), waren
sein (wir), waren
stellen (ich), stellte
tanken (er), tankte
tanken (ich), tankte
tauschen (du), tauschtest
tauschen (er), tauschte
tauschen (ich), tauschte
tauschen (ihr), tauschtet
tauschen (wir), tauschten
treffen (du), trafst
treffen (er), traf
treffen (ich), traf
treffen (wir), trafen
wissen (du), wusstest
wissen (er), wusste
wissen (ich), wusste
wissen (wir), wussten
wollen (du), wolltest
wollen (er), wollte
wollen (ich), wollte
wollen (ihr), wolltet
wollen (sie), wollten
wollen (wir), wollten
